Are you Wifi? Because we sure have a connection
You're a spy? Awesome, we can go undercovers together!
Are you a good book? 'Cause I'd like to stay up all night in bed with you!
Are you trash? Because I would like to take you out.
Did you just fart? Because u blow me away
Hi, my name is ______, but you can call me tonight
Are you Solidworks, because sometimes I look too closely and lose myself in you.
Are you wifi? Because I feel like we've got a connection.
Hi, you dropped something. It's your standards! I'm.....
My love for you is like diving by zero, it's undefinable!
My love for you is like diarheaa, I just can't hold it in!
Someone better call Babbo, because I'm pretty sure it's illegal to look that good.
I'd say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.
Are you a magician? Because Abraca-DAYUM!
Good thing I have a library card so I can check you out.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.
Are you a cabbage? Because I'd like to boil you and toss you in some soup.
Are you an egg? Because I'd like to crack you up with my eggcelent humor.
Are you Jupiter? Because you're giant and gassy.
Random nouns courtesy of Paul
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
You had me at "Hello World."
You auto-complete me.
Was your booty forged by Sauron? Cause that shit is precious.
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
Are you from Australia? Cause you are meeting all of my koalafications.
Are you a parking ticket? Cause you've got fine written all over you.
Baby, are you Best Buy?  Because you turn my floppy disk into a hard drive.
Baby, are you an eggplant? Because 🍆
Baby, are you an archipelago?  Because I'd float through your cracks all day.
Are you the process of trying to graduate under Olin's very specific graduation requirements and rather eclectic course offerings? Because you're hard and I don't understand you but I think I'm going to have to end up doing you anyway.
You're like an Olin microwave. When I turn you on, I lose my cool.
Heya, want to come back to my place and watch porn on my flatscreen mirror?
"Your *face* is good!"
Are you trash? Because I sure want to take you out.
At my college, we do "project-based learning;" want to experience it?
This is all I've got; *hands lime* want to go out?
If a smile is a star, you're a red supergiant.
Are you ramen just out of the microwave? Because you're way too hot and I can't wait to taste you.
Are you a Dementor? Because you took my breathe away
fry me up like i'm french and eat me out
I couldn't help but notice that you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
Was that cannon fire, or is it my heart pounding?
I see you’re drinking 1%. Is that ’cause you think you’re fat? ‘Cause you’re not. You could totally be drinking whole if you wanted to.
I may be the outlaw, but you're the one stealing my heart.
I guess it is a small world, because I'm looking at my Ever-ything.
Between 1 and AmErika, how free are you tonight?
Someone better call life alert, cause I've fallen and I can't get up.
In the name of Libbyrty, I think you and I should form a more perfect union.
If you were a chicken you'd be impeccable!
Hey baby are you fifty cans of red bull? Cause you just stopped my heart
I came here tonight because when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.
I Emma in love with you.
Wow, that's a really great shirt! It would look *even better* haphazardly thrown on my floor.
You? Me? ...Now??
Draco, I need to see you in my office now.
I wish I was DNA helicase, because I'd like to unzip your genes.
Are you a continuous function? Because I want to be tangent to your curves.
Are you sin^2? Because I'm cos^2 and together we could be 1.
Do you fit through a No. 200 sieve? Because damn, you fine.
What are your priors? Because I'd like to use Bayes' rule to obtain your posterior.
Hey, I think you're cute.
Can I send you an iCal for the R2 storage room at 2am?
It's not tick season and Parcel B's free!
Hey, wanna E! in Parcel B?
How *you* doin'?
I don't think AnalDig's being offered next semester, but we could do an independent study.
Wanna do/learn together?
send nudes
Would you like to play ballsketbas? Bathroom ball? TENNIS??
Fuck/marry/kill: Nick Tatar, Jeff Bezos, me.
Wanna codesign?
You going to bed? Mind if I Slytherin?
