'If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.',
 "You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.",
 'Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.',
 "No I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.",
 "It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.",
 "If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.",
 'Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.',
 'I guess you prove that even god makes mistakes sometimes.',
 "The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.",
 "You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.",
 'I’m jealous of people that don’t know you!',
 "My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.",
 "You're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.",
 "If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.",
 "You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.",
 "Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.",
 "I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.",
 'I can explain it to you, but I can’t understand it for you.',
 'Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?',
 'Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, your in the way.',
 'Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all the stupid people.',
 'You, sir, are an oxygen thief!',
 'Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.',
 "Don't like my sarcasm, well I don't like your stupid.",
 "Why don't you go play in traffic.",
 'Please shut your mouth when you’re talking to me.',
 "I'd slap you, but that would be animal abuse.",
 'They say opposites attract. I hope you meet someone who is good-looking, intelligent, and cultured.',
 "Stop trying to be a smart ass, you're just an ass.",
 'The last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.',
 "'m busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?",
 'You have Diarrhea of the mouth; constipation of the ideas.',
 "If ugly were a crime, you'd get a life sentence.",
 'Your mind is on vacation but your mouth is working overtime.',
 'I can lose weight, but you’ll always be ugly.',
 "Why don't you slip into something more comfortable... like a coma.",
 'Shock me, say something intelligent.',
 'If your gonna be two faced, honey at least make one of them pretty.',
 "Keep rolling your eyes, perhaps you'll find a brain back there.",
 'You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.',
 "I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.",
 'You get ten times more girls than me? ten times zero is zero...',
 'There is no vaccine against stupidity.',
 "You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.",
 "Sure, I've seen people like you before - but I had to pay an admission.",
 "How old are you? - Wait I shouldn't ask, you can't count that high.",
 "Have you been shopping lately? They're selling lives, you should go get one.",
 "You're like Monday mornings, nobody likes you.",
 'Of course I talk like an idiot, how else would you understand me?',
 'All day I thought of you... I was at the zoo.',
 'To make you laugh on Saturday, I need to you joke on Wednesday.',
 "You're so fat, you could sell shade.",
 "I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.",
 "Don't you need a license to be that ugly?",
 'My friend thinks he is smart. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.',
 'Your house is so dirty you have to wipe your feet before you go outside.',
 "If you really spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.",
 'Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.',
 'You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.',
 'If I told you that I have a piece of dirt in my eye, would you move?',
 'You so dumb, you think Cheerios are doughnut seeds.',
 'So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.',
 'You are so old, your birth-certificate expired.',
 "Every time I'm next to you, I get a fierce desire to be alone.",
 "You're so dumb that you got hit by a parked car.",
 "Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!",
 "You're so fat, you leave footprints in concrete.",
 'How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?',
 "Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.",
 "Wipe your mouth, there's still a tiny bit of bullshit around your lips.",
 "Don't you have a terribly empty feeling - in your skull?",
 'As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?',
 "Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.",
 'We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.',
 'Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?'
 'Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!',
  'Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.',
  'Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.',
  'Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.',
  'Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.',
  'Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.',
  "If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.",
  "Are you African? Because you're a frican babe.",
  'Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!',
  "I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.",
  'Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.',
  "Are you religious? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.",
  'Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.',
  'Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.',
  "Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns! ",
  'I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.',
  "Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!",
  'Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me. ',
  "If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.",
  "Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.",
  "I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?",
  'Are you an orphanage? Cause I wanna give you kids.',
  'Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?',
  'I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.',
  'Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?',
  "Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.",
  'Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.',
  "Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.",
  "I'm not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.",
  "Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.",
  'You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?',
  "Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.",
  'Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.',
  "I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.",
  'I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?',
  "Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you're da balm!",
  "I'm not staring at your boobs. I'm staring at your heart.",
  'Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?',
  'Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)',
  'Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.',
  "I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by YOU.",
  "I was blinded by your beauty... I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.",
  'Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?',
  'There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!',
  "Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?",
  "Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.",
  'Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.',
  "You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.",
  "Hi, I'm Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me?",
  'Do you like Nintendo? Because Wii would look good together. ',
  "If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.",
  "Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!",
  "You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.",
  "You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!",
  "If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.",
  "Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!",
  'I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen',
  'Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.',
  'I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?',
  "Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.",
  "If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.",
  "If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!",
  'Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling',
  'Are you Netflix? Because I could watch you for hours.',
  "Are you a bank loan? Because you've got my interest",
  'Are you Jewish? Cause you ISRAELI HOT.',
  "You may be asked to leave soon, you're making all the other women look bad.",
  "Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.",
  "I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.",
  "You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.",
  "Put down that cupcake... you're sweet enough already.",
  'Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.',
  "Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot!",
  'Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!',
  "Is your dad a drug dealer? Cause you're so Dope!",
  "Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!",
  "Are you Hurricane Katrina? Cause you're blowing me away.",
  'Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces',
  'If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?',
  'Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.',
  "If I'm vinegar, then you must be baking soda. Because you make me feel all bubbly inside!",
  "You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.",
  'Please call 9-1-1, because you just made my heart stop!',
  "You're so hot, that if you ate a piece of bread, you'd poop out toast!",
  'Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!',
  'Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon, I would choose you!',
  'So, what do you do for a living besides always making all the men excited and warm all over?',
  "Could you please step away from the bar? You're melting all the ice!",
  "Are you from Russia? 'Cause you're Russian my heart rate!",
  "I'm in the mood for pizza... a pizza you, that is!",
  'I was so content with my life and one day I asked God, what could be better than this? And then I met you.',
  'Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going... I just need eye contact from you.',
  "Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!",
  "There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.",
  "I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.",
  'Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb!',
  "I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.",
  "There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.",
  "Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!",
  "Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.",
  'You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.',
  'Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!',
  "You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.",
  'Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!',
  'When God made you, he was showing off.',
  "If you were a booger I'd pick you first.",
  'Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.',
  "Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.",
  'If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?',
  'If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.',
  'You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.',
  'Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!',
  "You wanna know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.",
  'Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?',
  "My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.",
  "Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.",
  "You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.",
  "Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?",
  "I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.",
  "How come you're not on top of a Christmas tree? I thought that's where angels belonged.",
  'Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?',
  "Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.",
  "Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?",
  "Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.",
  'I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.',
  "Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?",
  "Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under 'Shazaam'!?",
  'If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.',
  'Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!',
  'Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!',
  'No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.',
  'Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!',
  "Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.",
  'Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.',
  "I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.",
  'When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.',
  'Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS!',
  "I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?",
  'Baby I might not be Sriracha sauce but, I sure will spice up your life.',
  'People call me John, but you can call me tonight.',
  "Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!",
  'Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.',
  "If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.",
  "Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?",
  "If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.",
  'If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?',
  "Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn't hear you say 'happily'.",
  'You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.',
  "Hello how are you? [Fine] Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!",
  'Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them.',
  'How was heaven when you left it?Did you fart, cause you blew me away.',
  "You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams."
  "Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here."
  "I didn't know that angels could fly so low!"
  "There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.",
  'You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!',
  'Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.',
  "Is your name 'swiffer'? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.",
  'Excuse me, but you dropped something back there" (What?) "This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.',
  'Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?',
  'Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!',
  'Did you die recently? Cause girl, you look like an angel to me.',
  'I could lay next to you forever... or until we decide to go eat.',
  'If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.',
  "You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment...Want to help prove him wrong?",
  "Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's outta business.",
  'Wanna go bowling? I thought it might be right up your alley.',
  'Is your name Dwayne Johnson? Because you Rock my world!',
  "You're not a vegetarian, are you? Because I'd love to meat you.",
  "You're so attractive that my phone gets hot just from talking to you.",
  'Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?',
  "Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?"
  "So there you are! I've been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!"
  "Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?"
  "Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart."
  "You see my friend over there? [Point to friend] He wants to know if YOU think I'M cute."
  "The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name."
  "Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too."
  "(As she is leaving) Hey aren't you forgetting something? (What?) Me!"
  "Somebody better call God, cuz heaven's missing an angel!"
  "Can I borrow a quarter? ['What for?'] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams."
  "If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart."
  "Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, 'cuz you look sweet and delicious."
  "If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine."
  "Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams."
  "Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?"
  "I'm sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start."
  "I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?"
  "I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you."
  "I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?"
  "If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put'U' and 'I' together."
  "If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you."
  "If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life."
  "My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love."
  "What time do you have to be back in heaven?"
  "Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!"
  "You'd better direct that beauty somewhere else, you'll set the carpet on fire."
  "[Point at her butt] Pardon me, is this seat taken?"
  "Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes."
  "I love you like a pig loves not being bacon."
  "Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!"
  "Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep."
  "What's on the menu? Me-n-U"
  "You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good"
  "I'd say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did."
  "I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.",
  "My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!",
  "Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.",
  'You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.',
  "If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard",
  "Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.",
  "Are you a hipster, because you make my hips stir."
  "Are you a cat? Cause you are purrrfect"
  "I wish I was cross eyed, so I could see you twice."
  "Are you on Nickelodeon? Cause you're a-Dora-ble!"
  "I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.",
  "You don't need keys to drive me crazy.",
  "If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!",
  "Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You're A Blessing.",
  'Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.'
 'Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?',
 'You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.',
 'When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.',
 "My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to."
 "Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you."
 "You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart."
 "I need a dollar, but I only have 90 cents... do you want to be my dime?"
 "[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, 'What are you doing?' You respond: 'Yep! Made in heaven!'"
 "Be unique and different, say yes."
 "Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea."
 "You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.",
 'My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?',
 'They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?',
 "You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.",
 '(Ask a person for the time) 9:15? So today is May 1, 2008, at 9:15 PM, thanks I just wanted to be able to remember the exact moment that I met the woman of my dreams.',
 "Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming."
 "If I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say 'I love you' with my last breath!"
 "Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!"
 "I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!"
 "You must be from Pearl Harbor, because baby, you're the bomb."
 "You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy."
 "Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin."
 "You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother."
 "I'm learning about important dates in history class. Wanna be one of them?"
 "I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet."
 "I need some answers for my math homework. Quick. What's your number?"
 "Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me."
 "Is your last name Campbell? Cause you're 'mmmm... good!'"
 "You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!"
 "Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.",
 "Is there a rainbow today? Because I just found the treasure I've been searching for!"
 "You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!"
 "Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?"
 "Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?"
 "Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle'",
 "Hi, my name is Doug. That's 'god' spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it."
 "If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand."
 "Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?"
 "How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm (insert name here).",
 'Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right? [NO!] Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.',
 'When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world which I want to be a part of.',
 'Hey baby. You got a jersey? [A jersey?...Why?] Because I need your name and number.',
 "You're so cute it's distracting!",
 "Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?"
 "(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?"
 "This time next year let's be laughing together."
 "Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you."
 "On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need."
 "Hey baby, I must be a light switch, cuz every time I see you, you turn me on!"
 "Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.",
 "Is your father Little Caesar? Cause you look Hot 'n Ready.",
 "If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.",
 "I could use some spare change and you're a dime."
 "I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it."
 "Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue? Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you."
 "Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.",
 "Is your father a mechanic? Because you've got a finely tuned body!",
 "I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.I think I can die happy now, cause I've just seen a piece of heaven.Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?I sneezed because God blessed me with you.Is it hot in here or is it just you?Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are...gorgeous!I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!",
 'Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.',
 "Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.",
 "Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess."
 "What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?"
 "What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!",
 "I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!"
 "You are the reason men fall in love."
 "You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!"
 "You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up."
 "You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not."
 "You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad."
 "You look like my third wife. [how many time have you been married?] Twice."
 "You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae."
 "Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot."
 "Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?"
 "I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.",
 "I know where they give out free drinks... it's a place called 'My House'!",
 "I can't think of anyone else I'd rather survive a Zombie Apocalypse with.",
 "Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!"
 "If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever."
 "Girl, if I were a fly, I'd be all over you, because you're the shit!"
 "Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?"
 "Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track."
 "If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world."
 "You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family."
 "You look like a cool glass of refreshing water, and I am the thirstiest man in the world."
 "Are you a tamale? 'Cause you're hot."
 "You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine."
 "Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark."
 "Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it."
 "Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!"
 "Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire."
 "Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole."
 "Come live in my heart, and pay no rent."
 "You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge."
 "I hope there's a fire truck nearby, cause you're smokin'!"
 "If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.",
 'How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.',
 "Tonight this Han doesn't want to fly Solo.",
 'I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.',
 "(Walk up to someone and bite them anywhere) Sorry, taking a bite out of crime. [WHAT?] Well it has to be illegal to look that good!"
 "You are a 9 - you'd be a perfect 10 if you were with me.",
 "Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.",
 "You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces."
 "I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is 'good bye'.",
 "Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!",
 "This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.",
 'Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.',
 'If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for youï»¿.',
 "Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!",
 "I don't know you, but I think I love you already.",
 "Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.",
 "If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together. (tulips = two lips)"
 "Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell."
 "If I had to choose between one night with you or winning the lottery...I would chose winning the lottery...but it would be close...real close..."
 "Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!",
 'See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.',
 "You're hotter than donut grease.",
 "Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner."
 "Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?"
 "If you were a burger at McDonalds, you'd be McGorgeous."
 "Are your parents retarded, 'cause you sure are special."
 "If you could put a price tag on beauty you'd be worth more than Fort Knox."
 "I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell."
 "Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.",
 "Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I'm around you.",
 "Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush.",
 'I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.',
 'How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!',
 "If you were a steak you would be well done."
 "It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you."
 "Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you."
 "Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?",
 'Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.',
 "Is your name Katrina? [No, why?] 'Cuz baby, you rock me like a hurricane!"
 "Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me."
 "On The PhoneShe/He says: 'Hold on'. You Say: 'Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you.'"
 "Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!"
 "Are you a microwave oven? Cause you melt my heart."
 "Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?"
 "Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots."
 "You're so hot, I could bake cookies on you."
 "You look beautiful today, just like every other day."
 "Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.",
 "When I'm older, I'll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you."
 "If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.",
 "Is your car battery dead? Because I'd like to jump you.",
 "I'm lost. Can you tell me which road leads to your heart?",
 'Where do you hide your wings?',
 "Is your name Mickey? Because you're so FINE!",
 'Are you made of grapes? Cause youre fine as wine.',
 'For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.',
 "Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.",
 "There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.",
 "Girl, you're like Mastercard - absolutely priceless.",
 "Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.",
 "You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call you 'Mommy.'",
 "My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.",
 'I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.',
 "Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.",
 'Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.',
 'Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?',
 "Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.",
 'Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.',
 "I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.",
 "Your body is 65 percent water and I'm thirsty.",
 'There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms. ',
 "Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.",
 "My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?",
 'Do you have a name or can I just call you mine? ',
 'With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth! ',
 'I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.',
 "If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.",
 "Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later. ",
 "Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice. ",
 "It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle."
 "Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.",
'Have you heard of Platform 9 and 3/4? Well, I can think of something else with the exact same measurements.',
 "If you were a Dementor, I'd become a criminal just to get your kiss.",
 'My name may not be Luna, but I sure know how to Lovegood!',
 "I know we're not in Professor Flitwick's class, but you still are charming.",
 'My love for you burns like a dying phoenix.',
 'Being without you is like being afflicted with the Cruciatus Curse.',
 "Hagrid's not the only giant on campus, if you know what I mean.",
 "Your name must be Severus Severus, because you're making my prince full blood.",
 'Interested in making some magic together? My wand is at the ready.',
 "I must have had some Felix Felicis, because I think I'm about to get lucky.",
 "Without you I feel like I'm in Azkaban and dementors are sucking away my soul.",
 "I've been whomping my willow thinking about you.",
 "If I were to look into the Mirror of Erised, I'd see the two of us together.",
 "Did you survive the Avada Kedavra curse? Because you're drop dead gorgeous.",
 'Your smile is like Expelliarmus. Simple but disarming.',
 'You must be my horcrux, because you complete me.',
 'Going to bed? Mind if I Slytherin?',
 "You are like a bottle of Skele-Gro: You're growing me a bone.",
 "You must be magical, because I've fallen under your spell.",
 "I'm not wearing an invisibility cloak, but do you think I could still visit your restricted section tonight?",
 "I'd like to get my basilisk into your chamber of secrets. You don't even have to say 'Luminos Maxima' to turn me on!",
 "Have you been using the Petrificus Totalus spell? Because you've made me stiff.",
 "You're the only thing I need in my Room of Requirement.",
 'Do you want to head to the Shrieking Shack? We could do some shrieking of our own.',
 'Are you using the Confundus charm or are you just naturally mind blowing?',
 "Come on, let's do it Hippogriff style!",
 'I heard you were in Gryffin-whore, because you let every wizard slyther-in.',
 'I wanna stick my half-blood prince inside your chamber of secrets, and release the prisoner of azkaban to give you the deathly hallows.',
 "You don't know how many times I had to swipe left to find you!",
"Hey, we're a match! Does this mean we're dating now? Give me a second, I need to change my Facebook relationship status.",
"Hey gorgeous, will you be my Tinderella?",
"I've had a crush on you for 2 hours.",
"Roses are Red, Violets are Blue, We're a match on Tinder, So I think we should screw.",
"Do you believe in love at first swipe?",
"How many times have you pictured me naked since we matched?",
"69 miles away, huh? Well that's ironic...",
"You must be a small amount of red phosphorus and I must be a tiny wooden stick… Because we're a match.",
"My parents are so excited, they can't wait to meet you!",
"Going to Whole Foods, want me to pick you up anything?",
"They say Tinder is a numbers game... so can I get your number?",
"Are you my appendix? Because this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.",
"Do you have a job? I need a woman who can support me while I play video games all day.",
"Did you know you're the hottest (insert generic name here- Jessica, Stacy, Mike, etc) on Tinder?",
"We're a match! The next step is to pick a wedding date, right?",
"Is your personality as angelic as your hair?",
'Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!',
 'I’m not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.',
 'Do I know you? ‘Cause you look a lot like my next girlfriend/boyfriend.',
 'Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend/girlfriend material?',
 'They say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Well apparently, no one has ever been standing next to you.',
 'For some reason, I was feeling a little off today. But when you came along, you definitely turned me on.',
 'Are you religious ? Because you’re the answer to all my prayers.',
 'I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?',
 'I’m lost. Can you give me directions to your heart?',
  'Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got fine written all over you.',
 'Are you sure you’re not tired? You’ve been running through my mind all day.',
 'Is there an airport nearby or is it my heart taking off?',
 'Was your dad a boxer? Because damn, you’re a knockout!',
 'I was wondering if you had an extra heart. Mine was just stolen.',
 'Would you grab my arm, so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?',
 'There’s only one thing I want to change about you, and that’s your last name.',
 'Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?',
 'Hi, how was heaven when you left it?',
 'Do you believe in love at first sight or should I pass by again?',
 'Is your dad a terrorist? Cause you’re the bomb.',
 'Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?',
 'Kiss me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?',
 'Hey, you’re pretty and I’m cute. Together we’d be Pretty Cute.',
 'Did it hurt? When you fell from heaven?',
 'Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.',
 'Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’ve been searching for.',
 'Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only ten I see!',
 'Hello, I’m a thief, and I’m here to steal your heart.',
 'I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.',
 'If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?',
 'There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them off you.',
 'I’m sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.',
 'Was you father an alien? Because there’s nothing else like you on Earth!',
 'Was your father a thief? ‘Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.',
 'Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.',
 'I’d say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.',
 'I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.',
 'Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I’d die.',
 'Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.',
 'You don’t need keys to drive me crazy.',
 'Are you a dictionary? Cause you’re adding meaning to my life.',
 'You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!',
 'I’m no mathematician, but I’m pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, give me yours and watch what I can do with it.',
 'Didn’t I see you on the cover of Vogue?',
 'Somebody call the cops, because it’s got to be illegal to look that good!',
 'Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.',
 'You must be a broom, ‘cause you just swept me off my feet.',
 'My buddies bet me that I wouldn’t be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?',
 'Is it hot in here or is it just you?',
 'Hello. Cupid called. He wants to tell you that he needs my heart back.'
 'I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.',
 'My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.',
 'How can I know so many hundreds of digits of pi and not the 7 digits of your phone number?',
 'I wish I was your second derivative so I could investigate your concavities.',
 'You and I would add up better than a Riemann sum.',
 "Hey baby, what's your sine?",
 'I need a little help with my Calculus, can you integrate my natural log?',
 "By looking at you I can tell you're 36-25-36, which by the way are all perfect squares.",
 'You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.',
 "Are you a 90 degree angle? 'Cause you are looking right!",
 'My love for you is like pi... never ending.',
 "I'd like to plug my solution into your equation.",
 "Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.",
 'I am equivalent to the Empty Set when you are not with me.',
 "I don't like my current girlfriend. Mind if I do a you-substitution?",
 "I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds. What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.",
 'Hey, baby want to Squeeze my Theorem while I poly your nomial?',
 'Hey...nice asymptote.',
 "I'm not being obtuse, but you're acute girl.",
 "I don't know if you're in my range, but I'd sure like to take you back to my domain.",
 "Are you a 45 degree angle? Because you're acute-y.",
 'My love for you is like y=2^x... exponentially growing.',
 "I'll take you to your limit if you show me your end behavior.",
 'Can I explore your mean value?',
 'The derivative of my love for you is 0, because my love for you is constant.',
 "I'm good at math... let's add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply!",
 'Our love is like dividing by zero... you cannot define it.',
 "If you were a graphics calculator, I'd look at your curves all day long!",
 "I've been secant you for a long time.",
 "If I'm sine and you're cosine, wanna make like a tangent?",
 'Meeting you is like making a switch to polar coordinates: complex and imaginary things are given a magnitude and a direction.',
 'Being without you is like being a metric space in which exists a cauchy sequence that does not converge.',
 'My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function',
 'You are the solution to my homogeneous system of linear equations.',
 "I heard you're good at algebra - Could you replace my X without asking Y?",
 'Are you a math teacher? Because you got me harder than calculus.',
 "I'll take you to the limit as X approaches infinity.",
 'Your name is Leslie? Look, I can spell your name on my calculator!',
 "Let's take each other to the limit to see if we converge",
 'You must be the square root of two because I feel irrational around you.',
 'Let me integrate our curves so that I can increase our volume',
 'If i were a function you would be my asymptote - I always tend towards you.',
 'Your beauty cannot be spanned by a finite basis of vectors.',
 "I wish I was your problem set, because then I'd be really hard, and you'd be doing me on the desk.",
 "My love is like an exponential curve - it's unbounded",
 'My love for you is like a fractal - it goes on forever.',
 "My love for you is like the derivative of a concave up function because it is always increasing. we're going to assume this concave up function resembles x^2 so that slopes is actually increasing.",
 'I hope you know set theory because I want to intersect and union you',
 "You've got more curves than a triple integral.",
 "Honey, you're sweeter than pi.",
 "If you were sin^2x and I was cos^2x, then together we'd make one.",
 "Baby, you're like a student and I'm like a math book... you solve all my problems!",
 "My friends told me that I should ask you out because you can't differentiate.",
 'Do you need math help? Wanna expand my polynomial?'
 "You must be one spicy dish because you're making my heart burn.",
 'Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!',
 'I wish I had some butter for them biscuits.',
 "You're so cute I could bottle you up in a mason jar.",
 "You're as complete as quinoa.",
 'You remind me of cheese... I want you on everything!',
 'Were you born in a farm? You look a-maize-ing.',
 "Baby, if you were a fruit you'd be a Fineapple.",
 'Do you sell hot dogs? Because you sure know how to make a wiener stand.',
 "Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're Hot And I'm Ready.",
 'Your cupcakes make my soufflÃ©s rise.',
 'I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.',
 "You're looking so sweet, you've got my eyes glazed over like doughnuts.",
 "If you were a vegetable, you'd be a CUTE-cumber.",
 'I know milk does a body good, but damn girl, how much have you been drinking?',
 'Anyone can sit here and buy you drinks. I want to buy you dinner!',
 "Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious",
 'Can you put some hot sauce on my enchilada, I need some spice in my life',
 'Life would be feta if we were togetha.',
 'Are you a fruit? Cause honeydew you know how fine you look right now?',
 'Do you like Pizza Hut? Cause I want to stuff your crust.',
 "Do you live in a corn field? Cause I'm stalking you!",
 'How about I dip my Wild Wings in your Buffalo sauce?',
 "I'm like Domino's Pizza. If I don't come in 30 minutes, the next one is free.",
 "You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.",
 "I'll be the Burger King, and you'll be the Dairy Queen... You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.",
 'Did you just come from KFC, cause your thighs and breasts just gave me a drumstick.',
 "You're like my favorite candy bar, half sweet, half nuts.",
 'Baby if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.',
 'Let me be a chicken nugget and take a dip in your sauce.',
 "Now what's on the menu? Me-n-u",
 'Omelette you in on a secret. You and I would brie perfectly gouda.',
 'Can I double stuff your Oreo?',
 'I do not fancy wines, I prefer moans.',
 'I like my women like I like my doughnuts - HOT and HOLY!',
 'Do you like Alphabet soup? Cause you gonna be choking on the D',
 'I like my women like I like my ice cream, fat free and dripping down my fingers.',
 'Do you like Krispy Kreme? Cause I wanna glaze your donut.',
 "Do you like hot dogs girl? Cause I'd like to put my weiner between those buns",
 'I want you more then a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.',
 "You must work at subway, because you're giving me a foot long."
 "Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.",
 'You make my software turn into hardware!',
 "Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.",
 'Are you sitting on the F5 key? Cause your ass is refreshing.',
 "You had me at 'Hello World.'",
 "Want to see my HARD Disk? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.",
 'You can put a Trojan on my Hard Drive anytime.',
 'You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.',
 "I hope you're an ISO file, because I'd like to mount you.",
 'My servers never go down... but I do!',
 "Hi, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?",
 "My 'up-time' is better than BSD.",
 'Are you an angel, because your texture mapping is divine!',
 "You've stolen the ASCII to my heart.",
 "Are you a computer keyboard? Because you're my type.",
 'You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.',
 "If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-foxy lady.",
 'How about we do a little peer-to-peer saliva swapping?',
 'Mind if I run a sniffer to see if your ports are open?',
 'Your beauty rivals the graphics of Call of Duty.',
 "If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!",
 "You must be Windows 95 because you've got me feeling so unstable.",
 "I was hoping you wouldn't block my pop-up.",
 'Want to see my Red Hat?',
 "If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.",
 'You put the SPARC in my workstation.',
 "You're so pretty, I wouldn't even need to use an Instagram filter if I took your photo.",
 "Isn't your e-mail address beautifulgirl@mydreams.com?",
 "I'd switch to emacs for you.",
 "What's a nice girl like you doing in a chatroom like this?",
 "No, that's not a Logitech MX-100 in my pants, but thanks for noticing.",
 'Nice Set of Floppies!',
 'I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle.',
 'If you have an empty slot, I have the card to fill it.',
 'WebMD says your love is contagious.',
 "Hey, how 'bout I take off your cover and insert a bigger CPU.",
 "I'd like to play on your laptop.",
 "Where's the 'like' button for that smile?",
 'You totally spiked my traffic.',
 'You are the Apple of my i-Mac.',
 "If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.",
 "If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.",
 "You have a trojan? hmm... I think I'll need to take a look at that backdoor.",
 "Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I'll give you sudo access.",
 'I must be using Apple maps, because I keep getting lost in your eyes.',
 "I'd get a T3 to watch your streaming video.",
 "I'll bet my hard drive is the biggest you've ever seen.",
 'Your homepage or mine?',
 'Hey Baby, Let me hack your kernel.',
 "No, that's not an iPod mini in my pocket. I'm just happy to see you.",
 'You auto-complete me.',
 "I didn't mean to ogle you, but I'd sure like to Google you.",
 "I was wondering if you'd like to go back to My-Space, so I can Twitter with your Yahoo, until I Google all over your Facebook?",
 "If you ever need to get rid of a trojan, don't hesitate to call me!",
 "You're making me feel like I have something in common with these pop-up ads.",
 "What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account? [what?] I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.",
 'I need to hop over to Facebook for a second to change my status to smitten.',
 'What do you say we play a game of "Words With More Than Friends?"',
 'Roses are #ff0000, violets are #0000ff, all my base are belong to you.',
 'Need me to unzip your files?',
 "Are your pants a compressed file? Because I'd love to unzip them!",
 "I googled your name earlier... I clicked on 'I'm Feeling Lucky.'",
 'How about we go home and you handle my exception?',
 "If we were connected on Linkedin, I'd endorse you all night long.",
 'I wish you were Broadband, so I could get high-speed access.',
 'Girl, you are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.',
 "I'd ask if you come here often, but I already stalk you on FourSquare.",
 'Can I do a penetration test on your back door?',
 'Can you put a Trojan on my Hard Drive?',
 'Hey girl, can you sit on my laptop?',
 'Can I stick my flash drive in your USB port?',
 'Computer techs have skilled fingers if you know what I mean.'
 'Are you French because Eiffel for you.',
 'Is that a mirror in your pocket? Cause I can see myself in your pants!',
 'Are you religious? Cause you’re the answer to all my prayers.',
 'Hey, tie your shoes! I don’t want you falling for anyone else.',
 'You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.',
 'What has 36 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.',
 'Somebody call the cops, because it’s got to be illegal to look that good!',
 "I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.",
 "I know you're busy today, but can you add me to your to-do list?",
 'If you were a steak you would be well done.',
 "Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.",
 'Are you cake? Cause I want a piece of that.',
 "My love for you is like diarrhoea, I just can't hold it in.",
 "Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.",
 "There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.",
 'If you were a library book, I would check you out.',
 "Are you a cat because I'm feline a connection between us",
 'If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?',
 'If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?',
 "I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?",
 'I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.',
 'You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.',
 'My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?',
 'Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?',
 "Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only 10 I see!",
 'Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaaaaaam!',
 'Life without you is like a broken pencil... pointless.',
 'Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)',
 "Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!",
 "Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.",
 'Roses are red, violets are blue, how would you like it if I came home with you?',
 'I wish I were cross-eyed so I can see you twice',
 "We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.",
 'Your lips look so lonely…Would they like to meet mine?',
 'Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got fine written all over you.',
 "Thank god I'm wearing gloves because you are too hot to handle.",
 "If a fat man puts you in a bag at night, don't worry I told Santa I wanted you for Christmas.",
 "I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.",
 'Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?',
 'Pinch me, you’re so fine I must be dreaming.',
 "If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.",
 'How much does a polar beat weight? Enough to break the ice!',
 'Are you a 90 degree angle? Cause you are looking right!',
 'Nice to meet you, I’m (your name) and you are... gorgeous!',
 'If I were a transplant surgeon, I’d give you my heart.',
 'Are you Israeli? Cause you Israeli hot.',
 "On a scale from 1 to 10, you're a 9... And I'm the 1 you need.",
 'Did it hurt? When you fell out of heaven?',
 'If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together.',
 'Remember me? Oh, that’s right, I’ve met you only in my dreams.',
 "Is your name Google? Because you've got everything I'm searching for.",
 'Your hand looks heavy. Here, let me hold it for you.',
 'I’ve been wondering, do your lips taste as good as they look.',
 'Are you from Starbucks because I like you a latte.',
 'Are you a banana because I find you a peeling.',
 'Do you like vegetables because I love you from my head tomatoes.',
 "Have you been to the doctor's lately? Cause I think you're lacking some vitamin me.",
 'Do you generate electricity with water through the process of hydro power? Because dammmm.',
 "Do you like science because I've got my ion you.",
 "Are you my appendix? Because I don't understand how you work but this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.",
 "Do you like sales? Because if you're looking for a good one, clothing is 100% off at my place.",
 "I know this is going to sound cheesy, but I think you're the gratest.",
 "If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.",
 'Does your left eye hurt? Because you’ve been looking right all day.',
 'My feet are getting cold… because you’ve knocked my socks off.',
 'Wow, when god made you he was showing off.',
 'If beauty were time, you’d be eternity.',
 "Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.",
 "If looks could kill, you'd be a weapon of mass destruction.",
 'Do you have a tan, or do you always look this hot?',
 'Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.',
 "If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.",
 'Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.',
 "Are you from Japan cause I'm trying to get in Japanties.",
 "If you were a fruit you'd be a fineapple.",
 "I'll give you a kiss. If you don't like it, you can return it.",
 "Did you swallow magnets? Cause you're attractive.",
 "Are you from China? Because I'm China get your number.",
 'Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?',
 'Are you craving Pizza? Because I’d love to get a pizz-a you',
 "Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together.",
 "Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?",
 "Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?",
 'Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb.',
 'You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart',
 "Can you pinch me, because you're so fine I must be dreaming.",
 'I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!',
 'Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.',
 'I’m not drunk, I’m just intoxicated by you.',
 'If I followed you home, would you keep me?',
 'If you were words on a page, you’d be fine print.',
 'Are you a keyboard ? Because you are my type.',
 'There is something wrong with my phone. Could you call it for me to see if it rings?',
 "I've seem to have lost my number, can I have yours?",
 'If I had a garden I’d put your tulips and my tulips together',
 "Did you hear of the new disease called beautiful, I think you're infected.",
 'I thought Happiness starts with H. But why does mine starts with U.',
 "If you were a vegetable you'd be a cutecumber.",
 'You know what you would really look beautiful in? My arms.',
 "My mom thinks I'm gay, can you help me prove her wrong?",
 'I want someone to look at me the way I look at chocolate cake.',
 'Is it hot in here or is it just you?',
 'Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?',
 'Feel my t-shirt, it’s made of boyfriend material.',
 'You must be a magician, because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.',
 "Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious.",
 "You're like a dictionary... you add meaning to my life.",
 "My doctor says I'm lacking vitamin U.",
 'Did your licence get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?',
 'Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk past again?',
 'When a penguin finds a mate they stay with them for the rest of their life. Will you be my penguin?',
 'Can I take a picture of you so santa knows what I want for christmas?',
 "I'm new in town, could you give me directions to your apartment?",
 "I'll cook you dinner, if you cook me breakfast",
 'What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in the room?',
 'Good thing I just bought term life insurance … because I saw you and my heart stopped!',
 'If I had a dollar for every time I thought of you, I’d be in a higher tax bracket.',
 'Hey, my name’s Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?',
 'Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?',
 'You’re so sweet, you’re giving me a toothache.'

You, me, here... this couldn't be any better if I programmed the holodeck myself!

Your mouth says, 'Shields up!', but your eyes say, 'A hull breach is imminent.'

I can't help it -- my eyes are trapped in the gravitational field of your breasts!

Why don't we head to my bedroom, peel back my Star Wars sheets, and discover what a true Jedi can do with his light-saber?

Honey, you've been looking for love in Alderaan places!

I may look like an Ewok, but I'm all Wookie where it counts, baby.

You're the Obi-wan for me.

You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.

Yoda one for me.

I usually Han Solo, but I'd let you turn on my light saber!

What's a girl like you doing in a place like this when there's a Farscape marathon on right now on the Sci Fi channel.

I've been told I have the cool sexual prowess of a Romulan.

"Urkuk lu Stalga." That's Klingon for "I love you baby."

If you think Chewbacca is hairy, wait until you see my wookie!

Once you make love to a man with Vulcan ears on you never go back.

How 'bout I slip into something more comfortable... like these STAR TREK VOYAGER pajamas!

Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.

Not only can I beam you aboard, I can beam you a woody.

Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo!

Someone must have shot you with a phaser set on 'stunning'.

Tell me of this thing you humans call (pause) love.

I’ve got something big in my torpedo tube.

Baby, we don’t need a holodeck. I’ll make all your fantasies come true.

I’m Wesley Crushing on you.

Thank god I’m not a redshirt, because you’re drop-dead gorgeous

You’re hotter than the flames on Mustafar

Take off your clothes, and let’s start the next generation.

Scanners show sexy life forms in this area... oh, it’s only you.

I feel a great disturbance... in my pants!

Are you from the holodeck? Because you’re too beautiful to be real.

Are you a sith lord? Because I’ve Fallen for you.

Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.

Forgive my Kirk-like boldness, but you wanna go back to my mom's place and watch 'Dr. Who'?

Earth woman, prepare to be probed!

Nice Asimov.

Your beauty has pierced my heart like a Morgul Blade.

I last longer than Boromir.

I wanna go inside your hobbit hole.

The fires of Mount Doom aren't nearly as hot as you are.

I'll put a ring on it!

Hey baby, wanna blow my Horn of Gondor?

I'll take your Hobbit to my Isengard.

Are you the ring? 'Cause I've got my eye on you.

I'd like to have an Inn at your prancing pony.

Are you an Orc? 'Cause baby, you're making my Sting glow.

I erupt like Mount Doom for you, baby!

Girl, you're like a Balrog - smokin' hot!

Baby, I'll make you scream like the Nazgul.

Is that a sonic screwdriver in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?

You've stolen both my hearts!

Would you let me be the one to open your Pandorica.

You know what they say about Time Lords with long scarves...

Come back to my place and you can call me The Master.

A cyberman couldn't delete you from my heart.

Are you a Dalek? Cause you've been rolling through my mind all night.

Baby, you just gave me Torchwood.

SEXTERMINATE!!

Are you a Tardis? Cause when I look into your eyes I feel like I'm flying around the universe.

I'd like to take you out for texting and scones.

PROCREATE!!

Why don't you come back to my place so we can have some wibbly wobbly timey wimey?

I hear you're Allon-easy.

I won't blink cause baby, you're a weeping angel.

Wanna tickle my tardis?

Are you an angel? Because I haven't blinked since I first saw your face.

You make my centurion stand at attention.

Can I stick my fish fingers in your custard?

You're so Oodiful. Wanna come back to my place?

You can play Doctor Donna.

INSEMINATE!!

Is your name winter? Because you'll be coming soon.

Are you a White Walker? Because I want you to have my babies

The real "Kingslayer" is in my pants.

Is it hot in here because of the long summer, or is it just you?

Are Hodor's legs tired? Because he's been carrying you through my mind all day

I would conquer the seven kingdoms for you!

I've fallen harder for you than Bran Stark.

If you come up north for me, I'll go down south for you.

Do you smith Valyrian steel? Because you just gave me one of the hardest swords in the land.

Did you get sacrificed to the God of Fire? Because you're smoking!

Want to see how sullied I am?

I may be an imp, but I never go limp.

Are you my direwolf? Because I can definitely see myself taking over your body.

I may be king in the north, but I want to be the king of your heart.

Someone should tell the Old Gods and the New Gods that heaven is missing an angel

I don't need blood magic to raise your Dothraki king

You must be my sister, because I'm extremely attracted to you.

Are your clothes a slave? Because I'd like to free you of them.

Are you a traitor to the crown? Because I can definitely see you giving head to my pike.

Show me your dragon, I'll make it spit fire!

If only I were that Tyroshi pear brandy you are drinking, because then I would already be inside of you.

Did you sit on a lemon cake? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass!

Did it hurt... when you fell from the Moon Door?

Are you made of Dragon Glass? Because you're melting my heart.

You must be part halfwit, because the only thing you'll be screaming tonight is my name. And my name is Hodor.

I am the king, so if you don't go out with me, I'll kill your dad.

I'll stick you with my pointy end.

Is that milk of poppy in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?

Are you a Warg? Because I bet you're an animal in the sheets.

Are you a servant of the Lord of Light, Rh'llor? Because I'm burning up around you.

"Valhar Cunnilingus!"

I'd climb the entire wall just to get your digits, girl!

When I get sad, I stop being sad.. and I be awesome instead. True Story.

This.. what you're doing here - is giving me a de-rection

I feel like I've done so much good I have a "soul boner"

Barney alllllwaaaysss gets the yes!

I physically cannot take bad pictures. I don't know why. Just ask god.

I'm Barney, I don't get smitten. I smite.

With great penis comes great responsibility

Believe it or not, I wasn't always as awesome as I am today.

Barney is single... it's what America has been clamoring for!

You're the mini-cherry on top of the regular cherry on top of the sundae of awesomeness that is my life.

It's gonna be legend-... wait for it... (and I hope you're not lactose intolerant because the second half of that word is) DAIRY!

Have you taken a lifelong vow of celibacy or are you just playing hard to get?

Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.

Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious

Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you’re Hot And I'm Ready.

Do you work at Subway? Because you’re giving me a footlong.

Do you work at Home Depot? Because you’re giving me wood.

If you were a burger at McDonalds you’d be a McGorgeous

Do you like Pizza Hut? Cause I'll stuff your crust.

Do you work at Dicks’? Because you’re sporting the goods!

Your body's name must be Visa, because it's everywhere I want to be.

Did you get sacrificed to the God of Fire? Because you're smoking!

Do you work at Burger King? Because you’re giving it to me the way I like it!

Do you like Kelloggs? Wanna frost my flakes?

Can I double stuff your Oreo?

Did you just come from KFC, cause your thighs and breasts just gave me a drumstick.

You remind me of a green bottle. Because I wanna Mount and Do you!

I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?

Have you been eating Cocoa Puffs? Because I'm going cookoo for you

How about I dip my Wild Wings in your Buffalo sauce?

I don't need Apple Maps to get lost in your eyes.

I want you more than a Haagen-Daas on a hot summer day.

Are you thirsty? Cause I can give you the Sunny-D

I wish you were a carousel at Wal-Mart so I could ride you all day long for just a quarter!

I spilled skittles down my pants. Do you want to taste the rainbow?

I'll be the Burger King, and you'll be the Dairy Queen... You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.

Take me to Papa John's, because this love is at 425 degrees.

Are you a bottle of Coke? Because you open my happiness.

My name is Hostess... Because I have the cream filling

Are you McDonalds? 'Cause you're going straight to my thighs.

Let's make like fabric softener and Snuggle.

I may be hung like a tic-tac, but I'll leave your breath minty fresh!

Girl are you my new iPhone? Cause I can't stop staring at you in public.

Do you work for UPS? 'Cause I swear I saw you checking out my package!

My dong is a rental car company - it Hertz!

Girl, I'm an American Express lover - you shouldn't go home without me!

I've gotta thirst, baby, and you smell like my Gatorade!

Baby, you got more legs than a bucket of KFC!

Girl, you’re like Mastercard - seeing you is priceless

Call me Mountain Dew, 'cause when we hang we'll have a Baja Blast!

What's the difference between a boner and a Lamborghini? I don't have a Lamborghini right now

You must've been made by Intel to be that hot!

Do you have a Bandaid? Cause I just scraped my knee falling for you.

Do you like Wendy’s? Well I'm sure you'll like it Wendy’s nuts slide across your face.

Why pay $5 at Subway, when you can't get this footling for free.

Do you like basketball? Because when I saw you, my D. Rose.

I'd love to take it to the hole and drop my balls in your Hoop!

If you were a basketball, I'd never pass because I want to keep you all to myself.

Do you know what the Indiana Pacers and I have in common? Solid D.

You may have heard that I'm a great ballhandler. Wanna sample my skills?

Your Jordan jersey looks nice, but I bet it'd look even nicer on my bedroom floor.

Instead of zone defense, what do you say we play some man-to-woman coverage tonight?

If you were a basketball, I'd never shoot. Because I would always miss you.

You be the Bulls and I'll bring the Heat!

If you were a basketball, would you let me lay you up? 

Is your name Strike? Because you're a perfect 10!

I think it's time we ditched these gutter balls and got out of here, what do you say?

I live by one motto: Strikes in the streets, splits in the sheets.

Are you a 300 game? Cause you’re perfect!

You know what else has three holes?

Are you a 7-10 split? Because I’d love to pick you up.

I'd sure like to pin you down.

Baby, you’re incredi-bowl.

Are you a bowler? Because you're right up my alley!

Excuse me, miss. I just wanted to strike up a conversation.

Forgive my forwardness. My mind's been in the gutter all night long.

Are you a pinsetter? Because you just swept me off my feet.

Let’s never split!

My lanes are freshly waxed, if you know what I mean.

You've got a great rack there.

Let's talk turkey: When I look at you, my thoughts are all XXX.

I'm falling in glove with you.

I hope you're good at catching cause I'm starting to fall for you.

You're quite the catch, baby.

I'm an umpire - give me your number so I can make the call.

Are we in the bullpen? Cuz you're warming me up.

Are you in the outfield? Because you're an angel.

You know, I've never needed a third base coach to wave me home.

My dugout, or yours?

Us baseball players know our way around the bases.

I'd lay down a sacrifice for you.

I'd got to bat for you, babe.

Can I pinch hit on you?

If you date me, you'll eventually see a diamond.

Do you play football? Because you've got a tight end.

You're so hot, I'd let you penetrate my defense.

Consider this your two-minute warning... before I kiss you.

Do you prefer two hand touch or full contact?

I like your Patriots jersey, but I bet it'd look even better on my bedroom floor.

I'm gonna go for two after I score.

I'd love to touchdown in your end zone.

Instead of zone defense, can we try some man-to-woman coverage tonight?

How about we kick off a new relationship tonight?

I've never made an incomplete pass, and I hope you won't be my first.

Wanna be my receiver tonight?

Are you going to ask me out soon, or do I need to call a delay of game penalty?

Are you an eligible receiver... of my phone number?

I wish you were on the team because I'd love to see your backfield in motion.

I bet my stick would feel great in your crease.

I promise I'm good for more than just a one-timer.

What do you say we drop the gloves and go at it?

Nice Skates... wanna puck?

You know, less teeth means more tongue!

I'd love to serve a 5 minute penalty in your box.

Do you have a jersey? Because I need your name and number.

You wanna be my equipment manager?

Wanna go for a ride on my Zam-boner?

I bet I can score on your 5-hole I've got a curved stick.

I'm good on the ice, but I'm GREAT in bed!

My skateblade's not the only thing made of steel.

When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.

Ever kiss a guy with no teeth?

Hi, my name's Stanley... wanna see my cup?

If I can't score, can I at least get an assist?

If you were a puck, I'd never shoot. Because I would always miss you.

Can I slip one past your goalie?

You think Zdeno Chara has a long stick? Wait until you see mine!

I bet you play soccer, because you're a keeper.

You know... Soccer players can go for 90 minutes and know 11 different positions...

Are you Suarez? Cause I'll let you bite me all night.

If I buy a soccer ball, will you kick it with me?

I won't give you a yellow card if you take off your shirt.

Are you David Beckham? Because I'd bend for you.

I must say, you're more beautiful than the beautiful game.

You wanna score or just knock around my balls?

You're allowed to use your hands in this game.

Do you play soccer? Because I think I'm gonna score tonight.

Can I be one of the men in your box?

If you were a soccer ball, I'd never shoot. Because I would always miss you.

I can go 90 minutes without stopping.

I'm like Arsenal: I'll stay on top but I'll finish second.

Baby I can be Spain and you can be Ireland, tonight. In other words, I'm gonna screw you hard!

You're allowed to use your hands in this game.

If we were playing tennis, I’d let you score all the points so I’ll always be in Love.

Do you want to be my doubles partner for life?

Wanna play some tennis? I got one racket and two balls.

Are you Roger Federer’s ground strokes? Cause baby you’re so elegant.

Excuse me miss, could you hold my balls while I get my huge racket out of my bag?

If you will be my racket, I’ll be your ball. Serve me.

You know what else is a nice match? You and me.

I grunt harder than anyone else on the tennis courts.

Girl, are you a lob? Cause I'm going to smash you

I’m not a tennis player but I’ll still grunt if you hit my balls.

Is that a ball in your pocket or are you just excited to see me.

I’m happy to fetch your balls for you. You hit them as hard as you like.

You’re looking like a tennis ball. I just wanna hit it.



If you can return my serve, I’ll return your call.

Your court or mine?

For you, I’d give unlimited lets.

Play tennis here often?

Tired of singles? Let’s play some doubles.

Trust me, the only time I’d play games with you is on the court.

Girl get rid of those Dunlop balls, you deserve better.

Care to knock a few balls with me?

I will give you Yonex, you can give me Head.

So, what’s your favorite stroke?

Smash or pass? In tennis I’ll do both.

I can hurl it 130 MPH down the middle.

That was a pretty deep shot girl, but I’ll be even deeper inside...

Do you have a Diamond Pickaxe? Because I'm as hard as Obsidian.

You must be made of bonemeal, cause you make me grow 10 feet tall.

I'd like to fertilize your crops with my bonemeal.

Are you a slimeball? Cause you make my piston sticky If you were ore, I'd mine you all night long!

You must be ice, because I've been waiting to pick you up for a long time.

You must be a redstone torch, because you're extending my piston!

Are you a lever? Because you turn me on.

You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.

Are you a torch? Because you light up my world.

You must be a pressure plate, because you turn me on.

Are you a pig? Because I wanna ride you.

Is that a creeper in your pants or are you just happy to see me?

I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!

I must be gravel, because I'm falling for you.

I know the air is pretty thin up there, why don't you lay in my bed and catch your breath?

You’re a tall drink of water - and I’m thirsty!

I want to climb you like a jungle gym.

How much does it cost to ride to the top?

I'm 6'7" standing up... and 9" laying down.

I'm tall because... I'm standing on my wallet.

Will you have my NBA babies?

You know, we’re all the same height laying down...

The best part about being this tall is that it is easy to see cute girls like you in a crowd.

You would totally be worth the climb!

I bet that back is real toned from keeping the rest of you upright.

Do you play basketball?

I'm six-foot-six and EVERYTHING is in proportion.

I'm six-foot-five, but I'd like to be six feet under you

You are tall enough to ride this ride!

Can you do me a favor and grab me that book off the shelf for me... and then hand me your phone number?

You know, it's been a while since I climbed a tree.

If everything was in proportion, I'd be 9'3"

(One tall person to another) Finally, someone I can see eye-to-eye on everything with!

(One tall person to another) It's nice how easy it is for us to check each other out across the room. We should go sit down somewhere though so the next tallest people have a chance.

I may not be able to love, but I do it, like a sex machine baby.

Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?

It that a joystick you're holding or are you just happy to see me?

Are those real or were you upgraded in silicone valley?

I'm going to void your warranty!

Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!

You must be tired because you've been running your code through my cpu all night

Nice Bolts wanna screw?

Was your father a thief? Because he stole some titanium bolts and put them in your eyes.

Is that a mirror in your anodized Titanium exterior plating? Because I can see myself in your service port.

Your lips say 0 but your eyes say 1.

Was that my CPU malfunctioning or did I just feel a spark between us?

When you flash your software, my floppy becomes a hard drive.

I hope you have an accelerometer, because I'm gonna rock your world.

Want to grab some Java?

Do you believe in love at first optical recognition, or should I ambulate by your location again?

Girl, you're so fine you could make an impression on Monet.

Are you a Shepard Fairey poster? Because I can’t believe you don’t already belong to someone else.

At first I thought I was looking at a Monet, but you’re so much more beautiful up close.

Are you into monochrome? Because I’d love to use my charcoal to color us black and white.

Are you a medium? Because I'd like to paint you on carpet.

Are you an antiques collector? Because I have some junk that hasn't been touched in years.

Aren’t you the model from my figure drawing class?

Have you ever posed nude?

Call the Art Loss Register, because you just stole my heart.

If I told you I like your body of work, would you hold it against me?

Is your dad an art thief? Because you are a masterpiece.

Vincent Van Gogh out with me

You must be an artist, because I find myself drawn to you.

If I were an art critic, I'd give you a ravishing review.

Charles Dickens might have given you Great Expectations, but I can meet them.

Are you Five People? 'Cause I just met you, and I'm in Heaven.

As I Lay Dying…my biggest regret was not telling you how beautiful you are.

I wanna do Wild Things wherever you Are.

I believe in The Importance of Being Earnest, so I'm just going to say it: I'm Wilde about you.

I Sense you have a lot of Sensibility. Was that too Austen-tatious of me to point out?

I'd like to end your Age of Innocence.

Are you an overdue book? Because you have fine written all over you!

I know For Whom the Bell Tolls, so why don't you call me sometime?

I spend Tuesdays with Morrie, but I want to spend every other day with you.

I'm no Jane, but I'd Eyre on the side of saying I think you're beautiful.

If I had a flower for every time I thought of you, I'd have a Secret Garden.

Is it 451 degrees Fahrenheit in here, or is it just you?

Is your name Harriet? Cause I caught you spyin' on me.

Is your name Scarlett? Because when I saw you my heart was gone with the wind.

The Sun isn't the only thing around here that Also Rises.

Wanna go find us A Room of One's Own?

If it was 1984, and I was Big Brother, I'd only watch you.

I'd Revisit your Brideshead anytime.

I'd Fight to go to a Club with you.

Hey girl, don't be The Stranger.

I'd like to Catch 22 of you.

My friends call me Robert, but you can call me The Beowulf.

My Heart was a Lonely Hunter 'til I met you, girl.

I like books, you like books, why don't we start writing the story of us?

Babe, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call fine print.

Would you like to peek at my hardcover?

I have a library card, do you mind if I check you out?

I want to take your body to Wuthering Heights.
