Is your name winter? Because you'll be coming soon.

Are you a White Walker? Because I want you to have my babies

The real "Kingslayer" is in my pants.

Is it hot in here because of the long summer, or is it just you?

Are Hodor's legs tired? Because he's been carrying you through my mind all day

I would conquer the seven kingdoms for you!

I've fallen harder for you than Bran Stark.

If you come up north for me, I'll go down south for you.

Do you smith Valyrian steel? Because you just gave me one of the hardest swords in the land.

Did you get sacrificed to the God of Fire? Because you're smoking!

Want to see how sullied I am?

I may be an imp, but I never go limp.

Are you my direwolf? Because I can definitely see myself taking over your body.

I may be king in the north, but I want to be the king of your heart.

Someone should tell the Old Gods and the New Gods that heaven is missing an angel

I don't need blood magic to raise your Dothraki king

You must be my sister, because I'm extremely attracted to you.

Are your clothes a slave? Because I'd like to free you of them.

Are you a traitor to the crown? Because I can definitely see you giving head to my pike.

Show me your dragon, I'll make it spit fire!

If only I were that Tyroshi pear brandy you are drinking, because then I would already be inside of you.

Did you sit on a lemon cake? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass!

Did it hurt... when you fell from the Moon Door?

Are you made of Dragon Glass? Because you're melting my heart.

You must be part halfwit, because the only thing you'll be screaming tonight is my name. And my name is Hodor.

I am the king, so if you don't go out with me, I'll kill your dad.

I'll stick you with my pointy end.

Is that milk of poppy in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?

Are you a Warg? Because I bet you're an animal in the sheets.

Are you a servant of the Lord of Light, Rh'llor? Because I'm burning up around you.

"Valhar Cunnilingus!"

I'd climb the entire wall just to get your digits, girl!

Have you taken a lifelong vow of celibacy or are you just playing hard to get?
