You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
Are you Google? Because I've just found what I've been searching for.
If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.
Know what's on the menu? Me-n-u.
Even if there wasn't any gravity on earth, I would still fall for you!
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
There's a big sale in my bedroom right now. Clothes are now 100% off!
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal you're heart, and you'll steal mine.
Kissing burns 5 calories a minute. How about a workout?
A boy gives a girl 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and he says to her " I will stop loving you when all the roses die"
Crap. Something is wrong with my cell phone. {Oh Really. What is that?} Its just that...your numbers not in it.
If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard.
Santa's lap isn't the only place wishes come true.
I'll be Burger King and you be McDonald's. I'll have it my way, and you'll be lovin' it.
I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you.
Do you have a map? Because I just keep getting lost in your eyes!
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!
Is your dad an art thief? Because you're a masterpiece.
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
Kissing is a language of love, so how about a conversation?
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.
You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.
I've got skittles in my mouth, wanna taste the rainbow?
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
You're so beautiful you made me forget my pick up line.
Do I know you? Cause you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person I know? (hold up a mirror)
If you were a tear drop, I would never cry for the fear of losing you.
I think there's something wrong with my eyes because I can't take them off you.
If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!
Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!
It's a good thing that I have my library card. Why? Because I am totally checking you out!!
Your lips look so lonely...Would they like to meet mine?
It's a good thing I wore my gloves today; otherwise, you'd be too hot to handle.
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
What's a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
Are you a light switch? 'Cause you turn me on!
Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.
Your father must have been a thief. Because he stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
If I had to rate you out of 10 I'd rate you a 9... because I am the one that you are missing!
You are so sweet you could put Hershey's out of business.
What are you doing for the rest of your life? Because I want to spend it with you.
I want to tell you your fortune. [Take her hand and write your phone number on it.] Your future is clear.
I know somebody who likes you but if I weren't so shy, I'd tell you who.
It's not my fault that I fell for you, you tripped me!
Did the sun come up or did you just smile at me?
Is there an airport nearby or is that my heart taking off?
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
Wanna get some coffee, Because I like you a Latte
If you were a potato, you'd be a sweet one.
You know, beautiful is my favorite color. (girl) that's not a color.(boy) its the color of your eyes.
Summer's over, because you're about to fall for me.
So, do you have a new years resolution, I'm looking at mine right now.
I just wanted to show this rose how incredibly beautiful you are!
Hi, did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
See my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I'm cute.
I had a pick up line but, your beautiful eyes continue to interrupt me.
Would you touch me so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
You know what material this is? [Grab your shirt] Boyfriend material.
Are you religious? 'Cause you're the answer to all my prayers.
They say not to judge a book by it's cover but I don't even know you and I'm checking you out.
Do you work for UPS? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package.
If LOVE was written on every grain of sand in the Sahara Desert that still doesn't equal my love for you.
I've been wondering, do your lips taste as good as they look?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
I wasnt sure if you were a beautiful angel or a sexy devil, but now that I'm close I see heaven in your eyes.
Damn girl, if you were a fruit, you'd be a FINEapple!
I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.
Damn girl, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Excuse me, if I go straight this way, will I be able to reach your heart?
You're so hot you must've started global warming.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
How does it feel to be the most beautiful girl in this place?
Do you like bacon? Wanna strip?
Excuse me, I'm lost. Can you give me directions to your house?
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.
I've had a really bad day but it always makes me feel better when I see a pretty girl smile. Would smile for me and make my day?
I just want you to know, I think you have beautiful eyes but I bet they're no match for that beautiful soul you have.
I have a boyfriend. [Guy] I have a pet goldfish. [Girl] What? [Guy] I thought we were talking about things that didn't matter.
Heaven's missing an Angel.
I may not be DQ, but I could treat you right!
You really shouldn't wear makeup. You're messing with perfection!
If I told you that you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
We haven't even spoken yet and im already on my knees!
I didn't know angels were allowed on campus.
If you were a burger at McDonald's you'd be the McGorgeous.
You know what would look good on you? Me!
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you!
Looks like you dropped something , My jaw!
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? Some little kid with wings shot me.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
They say a kiss is the language of love. Wanna have a conversation?
Are you a pirate? Cause I’ve got a lot of semen waiting for you!
Touch your toes and I will show u where the rocket goes!
Roses are red, I have tons of class, therefore I am eating your ass!
When I saw you, I lost my tongue. Can I put yours in my mouth?
What has four legs and doesn’t have the most beautiful girl on it? My bed. Want to fix that
Fuck me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist right?
Are you a trampoline because I want to bounce on you
Are you a mirror? Cause I can see myself inside you.
Do you want to go on a ate? I’ll give you the D later
If you jingle my bells, you’ll have a white Christmas
You must be Medusa because you make me rock hard.
Roses are red grass is greener when i think about you i play with my wiener
Your body is a Wonderland an I’d like to be Alice
You want to come over for Thanksgiving? Because I’m gonna stuff your turkey.
Are you a middle eastern dictator? Because there’s a political uprising in my pants
Baby I’m like a firefighter I find them hot and leave them wet.
If you were a squirrel, would you help me bust a nut?
Can you help me with my science assignment? I need to know how to get to Uranus.
Are you a farmer? [No] Then how did you get such beautiful, big, round melons?
Your smile is almost as big, warm, and lovely as my penis
Girl do you have a shovel in that back pocket? Cause I’m digging that ass?
I heard you are looking for a stud. I’ve got the STD, all I need is U
Did you get those pants at 50% off? Cause they are 100% off at my place!
Are you flappy bird? Cause I could tap you all night
I hope you got a pet insurance, cause tonight I’m gonna destroy that pussy.
Call me leaves, cause you should be blowing me.
Do you know your ABC’s? Cause I wanna give you the 4th letter of the alphabet.
I’m asian so I’ll eat your cat
Is there a cellphone in your backpocket? Cause that ass is calling me!
You work at a post office? Cause I saw you checking out my package.
Are you a tortilla? Because I want to flip you over and eat you out!
There are 8 planets in the universe, but only 7 after I destroy Uranus
I’ll treat you like my homework: Slam you on the table and do you all night long!
I named my dick “the truth” cause bitches can’t handle it!
I must be hunting treasure because I’m digging your chest
Do you believe in karma? Because I know some good karma-sutra positions.
You know why I am like a squirrel? Cause I want to bury my nuts in you.
I might not go down in history, but I’ll go down on you!
I want you to be the girl who takes my virginity.
Smile, if you want to have sex with me.
I like every bone in your body, especially mine.
You know what I like in a girl? [What?] My dick.
I`m no weatherman, but you can expect a few inches tonight.
If I were a cat i’d spend all 9 lives with you.
Pizza is my second favourite thing to eat in bed.
Do you want to have good sex? [No!] Well then come to my place!
Let’s play Barbie. I’ll be Ken and you can be the box I come in.
Call me Chris Brown, cause I’d hit that! [Look at her ass]
You know why they call me the cat whisperer? Cause I know exactly what that pussy needs.
You have eyes like spanners. When I look in to them, my nuts tighten.
Your so hot I could roast my meat on you, baby.
You’re like my little toe, because I’m going to bang you on every piece of furniture in my home.
You’re like Pringles once I pop you, I can’t stop you.
You’re on my list of things to do tonight.
You should join the circus.(Why?) So you can learn to juggle my balls all day.
You, me, handcuffs, and whipped cream: interested?
You’d mind if I fantasize about you?
You look familiar, have we had sex before?
You look so innocent, you look so sweet, as long as I have a face, you will always have a seat.
You make me want to calibrate my joystick without the latest drivers.
You remind me of my cousin. (How?) I want to fuck you so bad, but I know that I can’t.
You Say: I’m jealous of your dress. She says “Why?” You say: Because it’s touching your body, and I’m not.
You have some nice jewelry. It would look great on my nightstand.
I have a feeling that you like trouble
I have a feeling that you’re trouble
I’m sure you get this all the time but you look like a mix between Fergie and Gandhi
Sit on my face and I’ll eat my way to your heart.
I know this profiles fake but can I get the name of the model you used for your pics
Sup Tinderella
Finally I found a Girl like you
I’ve had a crush on you for years
You shall be my Wife
Prettiest smile I’ve seen on Tinder
I’m not going to be your husband but I am going to be the man you’re thinking about twenty years from now.
When our friends ask us how we met, what are we going to tell them?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever done?
What’s your favorite tv show from your childhood?
What’s one thing you can’t live without?
Would you rather fight one horse sized duck or 100 duck sized horses?
Do you like Mexican food? Cause I want to wrap you in my arms and make you my BAERITTO.
You don’t know how many times I’ve had to swipe left to find you
Please call an ambulance, your beauty is killing me!
If you were a sea i would swim in you forever.
“I have a boyfriend” – Well you look like the kind of girl who could use two
My love for you is like dividing by zero. It’s undefinable.
Are you Cinderella? Cause’ I see that dress coming off at midnight!
Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.
You dropped something! What? (Point at the ground) Your standards.
You look like my mom!
I saw you girls from over there and just want to let you know that I’m taken.
You wanna know what’s big? (Pause) My house you weirdo!
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you everyone else disappears.
(Take a photo of her) I want to show my mom what my next girlfriend looks like
I have to show you the prettiest girl I’ve ever seen. (show phone with frontcam)
Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.
Your daddy must be a drug dealer, cuz you’re dope.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I’m lost at sea.
Are you a parking ticket? Cause you’ve got fine written all over you
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material
My buddies bet me that I wouldn’t be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy
Stand still so I can pick you up!
Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only ten I see!
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me
Baby, if you were words on a page, you’d be what they call fine print
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way
I don’t have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
I’m not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together
I’m not drunk. I’m just intoxicated by you
Your legs must be tired because you’ve been running through my mind all night
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
Damn! You with those curves and me without brakes!
How much does a polar bear weigh? (how much?) Enough to break the ice… Hi, I’m (your name)
Do you have a map? I’m getting lost in your eyes
I must be a snowflake, because I’ve fallen for you
Too cheesy for you? Try these dirty lines
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
I’m not trying to impress you or anything, but… I’m Batman!
You shouldn’t wear makeup. It’s messing with perfection
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
You know, Dr. Phil says I’m afraid of commitment…Want to help prove him wrong?
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass
When God made you, he was showing off
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
So there you are! I’ve been looking all over for you, the woman of my dreams
On a scale of 1 to 10, you’re a 9. I’m the 1 you need
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too
Your daddy must have been a baker, because you’ve got a nice set of buns
Did it hurt? … when you fell out of heaven?
Are you a terrorist? … cause you’re the bomb!
Are you a light switch? … cause I want to turn you on
They say dating is a numbers game… so can I get your number?
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
Baby, I’m no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me
You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You’re making the other women look really bad
(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it’s just a sparkle
I don’t know you, but I think I love you already
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
You’re so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line
You see my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I’m cute
I’m new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
You know I’d like to invite you over, but I’m afraid you’re so hot that you’ll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Crack a smile with these funny pick up lines
You’re so hot, you’d make the devil sweat
Are you an interior decorator? Cause you are making this room beautiful
Hi, my name is Doug. That’s “god” spelled backwards with a little bit of U wrapped up in it
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn’t have your number in it
If you were a transformer, you’d be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine
Somebody better call God, cause heaven’s missing an angel
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Are you lost ma’am? Because heaven is a long way from here
Here’s the key to my house, my car… and my heart
Smoking is hazardous to your health… and baby, you’re killing me!
Is your body from McDonald’s? Cause I’m lovin’ it!
I’m not actually this tall. I’m sitting on my wallet
I hope you know CPR, cuz you take my breath away
Was your father a thief? Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes
If beauty were time, you’d be eternity
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Do I know you? Cause you look just like my next girlfriend
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back
Excuse me, could you please dial down your hotness, it’s causing global warming
I've got a little spoon position available for hire, what would you rate your cuddling abilities at on a scale of 1-10?
Are you an archeology major?  [on reply, regardless of answer]  Well, I've got a large bone that need examining
Could you take me in a fight?  [on positive 'yes' reply]  What makes you so confident?  [on negative 'no reply']  Well I need someone strong to help me breed the greatest fighter the world has ever seen, do you still think you're up for it?
Well, tinder says we'll make beautiful children, but I think we should grab a drink before working on the future models of America
Listen, I know this profile is fake but can I get the name of the model you used so I can look her up for later tonight?
I would swim naked through the amazon river with steak wrapped around my genitals just to share a candlelit dinner with you over skype on dial-up connection
Are you a Koala?  [regardless of answer]  Well, you've got all the koalifications
I'm on a scavenger hunt and I need a dinosaur bone, the holy grail, and your phone number...Which one of those can you help me with
I've had a crush on you for hours now
I have 4% battery remaining. I chose to message you. Did I choose wisely?
I have zero txt game. (Name), what's a good opener?
Do you like to draw?  Because I put the d in raw
Do you like pancakes?  [positive answers only, if she says no then she's just stupid]  Well how about iHop on that ass
Our first date should be at Home Depot, what's your number so we can hammer out the details for us to nail each other
Do you have any raisins? No? Well then, how about a date?
Can I get a picture of you so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
Shall we talk or continue flirting from a distance?
I saw you across the room and knew I had to meet you. What’s your name?
Hi, I saw you and thought, ‘I’m gonna kick myself all night if I don’t at least come over and say Hi.’ So … Hi. What’s your name?
I feel a little embarrassed about this … but I’d like to meet you. What’s your name?
You look really familiar. Have we taken a class together?
If I were a drum I'd let you bang me all night long!
You must be a choir director, because you make my heart sing!
This cello isn't the only big wood between my legs.
Are you a trumpet player? Because you sure are makin' me horny!
I may not be Mumford, but do you want to have my sons?
Let's make some sweet music together, honey.
You can tickle my ivories anytime, baby.
I can make you hit all the high notes!
You had me at cello.
Excuse me, do you believe in premarital sax?
Would you like to play my organ?
I'd like to finger your fret board.
Flute players provide some cheap trills.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
Good boys deserve more than just fudge.
Girl, you give me a tromboner.
Save a drum, bang a drummer.
This reed isn't the only thing I can get wet.
That's a nice set of mallets you have.
Damn girl, you're lookin' sharp!
I'd love to strum your g-string
I just lost my job and may be Baroque, but that doesn't mean I can't show you a good time.
Perhaps you and your friend would like to play a trio with me?
The pads on my MPC2000XL aren't the only thing I'll be banging tonight.
My embouchure is good for more than just playing the trumpet, if you know what I mean.
I bet that flute isn't the only thing you know how to blow.
Slow down girl, you're giving me a woodwind.
You wanna grease my slide?
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
I bet we'd get into some serious Treble together.
Call me AC/DC, because I'm gonna rock you all night long!
The Proclaimers would walk 500 miles to "come back home to you," but I'll do you one better. I'll sit through an entire Nickelback concert.
Let's play a love game. I'll be Alejandro, you be Lady Gaga and I'll let you take a ride on my disco stick.
Composers always score.
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
Do you like Dave Brubeck? 'Cos I think we need to Take 5.
Would you describe yourself as ternary? Because you have a lovely form.
You're so beautiful, you make me feel like an arpeggiated chord... broken.
Are you a piece of minimalist music? Because I keep seeing you again and again.
You must be marked Prestissimo... because you're dashing.
You must be a C major scale... All natural.
Would you like to borrow my tuner? You're looking pretty sharp to me.
I'm considering a modulation... Because I want to come up to your level.
Did you just move from chord V to chord I? Because I think you're perfect.
Is that an anacrusis? Because you're about to hear a pick-up.
Enough exposition. Let's move this to the development section.
My bowing arm is pretty sore... Because you just made me tremolo.
You make my heart go staccato.
You must be augmented because my love for you won't diminish.
Are you a trumpet player? Because you sure are making me horny.
You're a major part of my life. Without you I'd B Flat.
The tempo of my heart changes from adagio to allegro every time you walk in the room.
You look sharp. Let's go back to my flat and get natural.
If you were a piece of music, I'd love to sight read you all day long.
You must be a choir director...Because you make my heart sing.
You light up my world like a piccolo lights up the sharp side of a tuner.
You and I are like B# and C. We look different, but we are exactly the same.
You had me at cello.
I'm a fermata. Hold me.
Let's get into some treble and go to third bass.
Hey baby, you're on my to-do Liszt tonight.
I bet we can get into some serious Treble together.
Do you believe in love at first set, or should we run it again?
Your calves must ache, because you've been back marching through my mind all day.
When I get sad, I stop being sad.. and I be awesome instead. True Story.
This.. what you're doing here - is giving me a de-rection
I feel like I've done so much good I have a "soul boner"
Barney alllllwaaaysss gets the yes!
I physically cannot take bad pictures. I don't know why. Just ask god.
I'm Barney, I don't get smitten. I smite.
With great penis comes great responsibility
Believe it or not, I wasn't always as awesome as I am today.
Barney is single... it's what America has been clamoring for!
You're the mini-cherry on top of the regular cherry on top of the sundae of awesomeness that is my life.
It's gonna be legend-... wait for it... (and I hope you're not lactose intolerant because the second half of that word is) DAIRY!
Is your name winter? Because you'll be coming soon.
Are you a White Walker? Because I want you to have my babies
The real "Kingslayer" is in my pants.
Is it hot in here because of the long summer, or is it just you?
Are Hodor's legs tired? Because he's been carrying you through my mind all day
I would conquer the seven kingdoms for you!
I've fallen harder for you than Bran Stark.
If you come up north for me, I'll go down south for you.
Do you smith Valyrian steel? Because you just gave me one of the hardest swords in the land.
Did you get sacrificed to the God of Fire? Because you're smoking!
Want to see how sullied I am?
I may be an imp, but I never go limp.
Are you my direwolf? Because I can definitely see myself taking over your body.
I may be king in the north, but I want to be the king of your heart.
Someone should tell the Old Gods and the New Gods that heaven is missing an angel
I don't need blood magic to raise your Dothraki king
You must be my sister, because I'm extremely attracted to you.
Are your clothes a slave? Because I'd like to free you of them.
Are you a traitor to the crown? Because I can definitely see you giving head to my pike.
Show me your dragon, I'll make it spit fire!
If only I were that Tyroshi pear brandy you are drinking, because then I would already be inside of you.
Did you sit on a lemon cake? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass!
Did it hurt... when you fell from the Moon Door?
Are you made of Dragon Glass? Because you're melting my heart.
You must be part halfwit, because the only thing you'll be screaming tonight is my name. And my name is Hodor.
I am the king, so if you don't go out with me, I'll kill your dad.
I'll stick you with my pointy end.
Is that milk of poppy in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Are you a Warg? Because I bet you're an animal in the sheets.
Are you a servant of the Lord of Light, Rh'llor? Because I'm burning up around you.
"Valhar Cunnilingus!"
I'd climb the entire wall just to get your digits, girl!
Have you taken a lifelong vow of celibacy or are you just playing hard to get?
Can I Hakuna your ma-tatas?
You must be Cinderella, because I see that dress disappearing by midnight.
I can take you to infinity and beyond.
Call me Pooh, because all I want is you, honey.
Give me a Woody and I'll make you Buzz for light years.
One night with me, and I'll show you a whole new world.
I must be Lighting McQueen, 'cause you've got my heart racing.
Is your name Ariel? Cause we mermaid for each other.
Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.
You are part of the circle of my life.
Hey Beauty, can I introduce you to my Beast?
You don't need a spoonful of sugar to make me go down.
I'd really like to Poke-her-hontas.
Sit on my face and ask me to lie... What? You've never been Pinocchio'd?
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
Hey Aladdin, is that a lamp in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Hey Jasmine, Does the magic carpet match the drapes?
Hi, I'm Andy. Wanna play with my Woody?
I can make any fairy moan... All I need to do is Tink'er'bell.
Hey Cinderella let's see if this fits!
Can you feel the love tonight?
I'll make you want to spend more time in bed with me than Sleeping, Beauty.
Honestly, I just wanna get The Sword in the Stone!
Hi my name is Mickey, and there is nothing Minnie about me!
I’ll bippity bop you, girl!
Minnie, want to see my polka dot bed sheets?
You can call me Nemo, because I'm gonna "touch the butt"
Forget Aladdin, I'm thinking bout Jasmine's carpet.
Things are much better down where it's wetter.
If I were an enzyme, I'd be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes.
You're so hot, you denature my proteins.
Can I be the phasor to your electron and take you to an excited state?
Are you made of Copper and Tellurium? Because you are Cu-Te
Do you have 11 protons? 'Cause you're Sodium fine!
Do you like Science? Because I've got my ion you!
You must be gibberelin, because I'm experiencing some stem elongation.
You make my anoxic sediments want to increase their redox potential.
Are you made of Nickel, Cerium, Arsenic and Sulfur? Because you've got a NiCe AsS!
Hey baby, will a little more alcohol catalyze this reaction?
Didn't you know that chemists do it periodically on the table?
I bet you're like calcium bicarbonate - if I get you wet, the reaction will be explosive!
Are you made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon? 'Cause you are F-I-Ne
Me and you would undergo a more energetic reaction then Potassium and water.
Are you a compound of Beryllium and Barium? Because you're a total BaBe.
I'm more attracted to you then F is attracted to an electron.
I will fondle your vesicles while you caress my golgi body.
I want to work on your leucine zipper with my zinc fingers.
If you were oxygen, I would be an alkali metal so i could get in you and explode!
We fit together like the sticky ends of recombinant DNA.
You are the photon to my photosystem: you excite my electron until I reach my reaction centre.
You're hotter than a bunsen burner set to full power.
If I were a neurotransmitter, I would be dopamine so I could activate your reward pathway.
Hey, wanna put your alpha helix in my beta barrel?
Hey baby, why don't you get your ligase working on my okazaki fragment and lengthen my strand.
Hey, are you an alpha carbon, because you look susceptible to backside attack!
Do you want to extract some protein from my column?
According to the second law of thermodynamics, you're supposed to share your hotness with me.
Everyone knows its not the size of the vector that matters, but the way the force is delivered.
How about me and you go back to my place and form a covalent bond?
If I was an endoplasmic reticulum, how would you want me: smooth or rough?
We can make a mess as I've hired some lysosomes to clean up after.
My hypothalamus must be secreting serotonin because baby, I want you!
I wish I was an Ion so I could form an exothermic bond with you.
You’re so cute you make my zygomaticus muscles contract.
I wish I were Adenine because then I could get paired with U.
You’re like telophase, I admire your cleavage.
Hey baby, want to form a synapse with me and exchange neurotransmitters?
Hey baby, want to form a zygote?
It’s a good thing you've got evaporative cooling, cause I’m going to make you sweat.
If I were a Shwann cell, I'd squeeze areound your axon and give you a fast action potential.
Want to be my substrate/enzyme?
If my right leg is the cell wall and my left the membrane, do you want to be the cytoplasm?
If you were a concentration gradient I'd go down on you.
If you were C6, and I were H12, all we would need is the air we breathe to be sweeter than sugar.
Whenever I am near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration because you take my breath away.
I want to stick to u like glue-cose.
You must be the one for me, since my selectively permeable membrane let you through.
Can I be your enzyme? because my active site is dying for a chemical reaction.
You give me more jolt than a mitochondria!
Right now we’re just two RNA, but maybe we could transcribe together and become DNA.
I have a smooth endoplasmic reticulum but know that I like it rough, if you know what I mean.
I also prefer my ribosomes bound tight.
Spin me round with your basal body and make sure it's turgid.
Do you like aerobic respiration as much as I do?
