If I were a drum I'd let you bang me all night long!
You must be a choir director, because you make my heart sing!
This cello isn't the only big wood between my legs.
Are you a trumpet player? Because you sure are makin' me horny!
I may not be Mumford, but do you want to have my sons?
Let's make some sweet music together, honey.
You can tickle my ivories anytime, baby.
I can make you hit all the high notes!
You had me at cello.
Excuse me, do you believe in premarital sax?
Would you like to play my organ?
I'd like to finger your fret board.
Flute players provide some cheap trills.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
Good boys deserve more than just fudge.
Girl, you give me a tromboner.
Save a drum, bang a drummer.
This reed isn't the only thing I can get wet.
That's a nice set of mallets you have.
Damn girl, you're lookin' sharp!
I'd love to strum your g-string
I just lost my job and may be Baroque, but that doesn't mean I can't show you a good time.
Perhaps you and your friend would like to play a trio with me?
The pads on my MPC2000XL aren't the only thing I'll be banging tonight.
My embouchure is good for more than just playing the trumpet, if you know what I mean.
I bet that flute isn't the only thing you know how to blow.
Slow down girl, you're giving me a woodwind.
You wanna grease my slide?
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
I bet we'd get into some serious Treble together.
Call me AC/DC, because I'm gonna rock you all night long!
The Proclaimers would walk 500 miles to "come back home to you," but I'll do you one better. I'll sit through an entire Nickelback concert.
Let's play a love game. I'll be Alejandro, you be Lady Gaga and I'll let you take a ride on my disco stick.
Composers always score.
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
Do you like Dave Brubeck? 'Cos I think we need to Take 5.
Would you describe yourself as ternary? Because you have a lovely form.
You're so beautiful, you make me feel like an arpeggiated chord... broken.
Are you a piece of minimalist music? Because I keep seeing you again and again.
You must be marked Prestissimo... because you're dashing.
You must be a C major scale... All natural.
Would you like to borrow my tuner? You're looking pretty sharp to me.
I'm considering a modulation... Because I want to come up to your level.
Did you just move from chord V to chord I? Because I think you're perfect.
Is that an anacrusis? Because you're about to hear a pick-up.
Enough exposition. Let's move this to the development section.
My bowing arm is pretty sore... Because you just made me tremolo.
You make my heart go staccato.
You must be augmented because my love for you won't diminish.
Are you a trumpet player? Because you sure are making me horny.
You're a major part of my life. Without you I'd B Flat.
The tempo of my heart changes from adagio to allegro every time you walk in the room.
You look sharp. Let's go back to my flat and get natural.
If you were a piece of music, I'd love to sight read you all day long.
You must be a choir director...Because you make my heart sing.
You light up my world like a piccolo lights up the sharp side of a tuner.
You and I are like B# and C. We look different, but we are exactly the same.
You had me at cello.
I'm a fermata. Hold me.
Let's get into some treble and go to third bass.
Hey baby, you're on my to-do Liszt tonight.
I bet we can get into some serious Treble together.
Do you believe in love at first set, or should we run it again?
Your calves must ache, because you've been back marching through my mind all day.
