You, me, here... this couldn't be any better if I programmed the holodeck myself!
Your mouth says, 'Shields up!', but your eyes say, 'A hull breach is imminent.'
I can't help it -- my eyes are trapped in the gravitational field of your breasts!
Why don't we head to my bedroom, peel back my Star Wars sheets, and discover what a true Jedi can do with his light-saber?
Honey, you've been looking for love in Alderaan places!
I may look like an Ewok, but I'm all Wookie where it counts, baby.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Yoda one for me.
I usually Han Solo, but I'd let you turn on my light saber!
What's a girl like you doing in a place like this when there's a Farscape marathon on right now on the Sci Fi channel.
I've been told I have the cool sexual prowess of a Romulan.
"Urkuk lu Stalga." That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
If you think Chewbacca is hairy, wait until you see my wookie!
Once you make love to a man with Vulcan ears on you never go back.
How 'bout I slip into something more comfortable... like these STAR TREK VOYAGER pajamas!
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Not only can I beam you aboard, I can beam you a woody.
Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo!
Someone must have shot you with a phaser set on 'stunning'.
Tell me of this thing you humans call (pause) love.
I’ve got something big in my torpedo tube.
Baby, we don’t need a holodeck. I’ll make all your fantasies come true.
I’m Wesley Crushing on you.
Thank god I’m not a redshirt, because you’re drop-dead gorgeous
You’re hotter than the flames on Mustafar
Take off your clothes, and let’s start the next generation.
Scanners show sexy life forms in this area... oh, it’s only you.
I feel a great disturbance... in my pants!
Are you from the holodeck? Because you’re too beautiful to be real.
Are you a sith lord? Because I’ve Fallen for you.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Forgive my Kirk-like boldness, but you wanna go back to my mom's place and watch 'Dr. Who'?
Earth woman, prepare to be probed!
Nice Asimov.
