Do you have any tape? Because I'm totally ripped.
This elliptical isn't the only thing getting my heart rate up.
Girl, do you need to get your protein macros up? Because I'd gladly put my meat inside you
I know a fun activity that can burn 500 calories an hour...
I got stopped by a police officer on the way here. He told me it was illegal to carry these guns in public.
How'd you like to be my special push-up partner?
Do you squat here often?
I'm gonna have my 'whey' with you!
Let's do lunge.
Do you want me to spot you while you do those squats?
Do you have a band-aid? Because I'm cut!
My personal trainer told me I had to come talk to you for five minutes as part of my routine.
Do you believe in love at first set? Or should I curl this barbell another 10 times?
We should train together, I've heard it's good for bone density.
And I don't just mean my skeleton.
Is your tank top felt? [No] Would you like it to be?
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away! Or maybe it was the hour I spent on this treadmill.
Are you using that adductor machine so you can crush me between your thighs later?
How'd you like to go on a long romantic walk on the treadmill?
The weights in this gym just aren't heavy enough... would you mind sitting on my face while I do some crunches?
I heard that the missionary position helps men to work out the chest and triceps... do you wanna help me verify this?
Are you a boxer? [No] Well, how about getting on your knees and giving me two blows to the head?
Wanna sit on my lap while I use the rowing machine?
I wish this gym had a stationary bike built for two.
I hope you took your Flintstone vitamins today, because I'm gonna make your Bedrock!
Are you into fitness? How about fittin' this thingy into your thingy?
Hi, I see that you're new to this gym, and I wanna be the first male to bother you.
If I told you that you had a beautiful body, would you share with me the training regimen you used to attain it?
I got stopped at the airport last week for trying to bring these guns onto an airplane.
I hope your into yoga, cause your going to get a good stretch tonight.
If you really want to loosen your pectineus, you should skip the squats and let me stretch them out.
