I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
How can I know so many hundreds of digits of pi and not the 7 digits of your phone number?
I wish I was your second derivative so I could investigate your concavities.
You and I would add up better than a Riemann sum.
Hey baby, what's your sine?
I need a little help with my Calculus, can you integrate my natural log?
By looking at you I can tell you're 36-25-36, which by the way are all perfect squares.
You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.
Are you a 90 degree angle? 'Cause you are looking right!
My love for you is like pi... never ending.
I'd like to plug my solution into your equation.
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
I am equivalent to the Empty Set when you are not with me.
I don’t like my current girlfriend. Mind if I do a you-substitution?
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds. What? You don’t believe me? Well, then, let’s try it with your phone number.
Hey, baby want to Squeeze my Theorem while I poly your nomial?
Hey...nice asymptote.
I'm not being obtuse, but you're acute girl.
I don't know if you're in my range, but I'd sure like to take you back to my domain.
Are you a 45 degree angle? Because you're acute-y.
My love for you is like y=2^x... exponentially growing.
I'll take you to your limit if you show me your end behavior.
Can I explore your mean value?
The derivative of my love for you is 0, because my love for you is constant.
I'm good at math... let's add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply!
Our love is like dividing by zero... you cannot define it.
If you were a graphics calculator, I'd look at your curves all day long!
I've been secant you for a long time.
If I'm sine and you're cosine, wanna make like a tangent?
Meeting you is like making a switch to polar coordinates: complex and imaginary things are given a magnitude and a direction.
Being without you is like being a metric space in which exists a cauchy sequence that does not converge.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
You are the solution to my homogeneous system of linear equations.
I heard you're good at algebra - Could you replace my X without asking Y?
Are you a math teacher? Because you got me harder than calculus.
I'll take you to the limit as X approaches infinity.
Your name is Leslie? Look, I can spell your name on my calculator!
Let's take each other to the limit to see if we converge
You must be the square root of two because I feel irrational around you.
Let me integrate our curves so that I can increase our volume
If i were a function you would be my asymptote - I always tend towards you.
Your beauty cannot be spanned by a finite basis of vectors.
I wish I was your problem set, because then I'd be really hard, and you'd be doing me on the desk.
My love is like an exponential curve - it's unbounded
My love for you is like a fractal - it goes on forever.
My love for you is like the derivative of a concave up function because it is always increasing. we're going to assume this concave up function resembles x^2 so that slopes is actually increasing.
I hope you know set theory because I want to intersect and union you
You've got more curves than a triple integral.
Honey, you're sweeter than pi.
If you were sin^2x and I was cos^2x, then together we'd make one.
Baby, you're like a student and I'm like a math book... you solve all my problems!
My friends told me that I should ask you out because you can't differentiate.
Do you need math help? Wanna expand my polynomial?
