If I were an enzyme, I'd be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes.
You're so hot, you denature my proteins.
Can I be the phasor to your electron and take you to an excited state?
Are you made of Copper and Tellurium? Because you are Cu-Te
Do you have 11 protons? 'Cause you're Sodium fine!
Do you like Science? Because I've got my ion you!
You must be gibberelin, because I'm experiencing some stem elongation.
You make my anoxic sediments want to increase their redox potential.
Are you made of Nickel, Cerium, Arsenic and Sulfur? Because you've got a NiCe AsS!
Hey baby, will a little more alcohol catalyze this reaction?
Didn't you know that chemists do it periodically on the table?
I bet you're like calcium bicarbonate - if I get you wet, the reaction will be explosive!
Are you made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon? 'Cause you are F-I-Ne
Me and you would undergo a more energetic reaction then Potassium and water.
Are you a compound of Beryllium and Barium? Because you're a total BaBe.
I'm more attracted to you then F is attracted to an electron.
I will fondle your vesicles while you caress my golgi body.
I want to work on your leucine zipper with my zinc fingers.
If you were oxygen, I would be an alkali metal so i could get in you and explode!
We fit together like the sticky ends of recombinant DNA.
You are the photon to my photosystem: you excite my electron until I reach my reaction centre.
You're hotter than a bunsen burner set to full power.
If I were a neurotransmitter, I would be dopamine so I could activate your reward pathway.
Hey, wanna put your alpha helix in my beta barrel?
Hey baby, why don't you get your ligase working on my okazaki fragment and lengthen my strand.
Hey, are you an alpha carbon, because you look susceptible to backside attack!
Do you want to extract some protein from my column?
According to the second law of thermodynamics, you're supposed to share your hotness with me.
Everyone knows its not the size of the vector that matters, but the way the force is delivered.
How about me and you go back to my place and form a covalent bond?
If I was an endoplasmic reticulum, how would you want me: smooth or rough?
We can make a mess as I've hired some lysosomes to clean up after.
My hypothalamus must be secreting serotonin because baby, I want you!
I wish I was an Ion so I could form an exothermic bond with you.
You’re so cute you make my zygomaticus muscles contract.
I wish I were Adenine because then I could get paired with U.
You’re like telophase, I admire your cleavage.
Hey baby, want to form a synapse with me and exchange neurotransmitters?
Hey baby, want to form a zygote?
It’s a good thing you've got evaporative cooling, cause I’m going to make you sweat.
If I were a Shwann cell, I'd squeeze areound your axon and give you a fast action potential.
Want to be my substrate/enzyme?
If my right leg is the cell wall and my left the membrane, do you want to be the cytoplasm?
If you were a concentration gradient I'd go down on you.
If you were C6, and I were H12, all we would need is the air we breathe to be sweeter than sugar.
Whenever I am near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration because you take my breath away.
I want to stick to u like glue-cose.
You must be the one for me, since my selectively permeable membrane let you through.
Can I be your enzyme? because my active site is dying for a chemical reaction.
You give me more jolt than a mitochondria!
Right now we’re just two RNA, but maybe we could transcribe together and become DNA.
I have a smooth endoplasmic reticulum but know that I like it rough, if you know what I mean.
I also prefer my ribosomes bound tight.
Spin me round with your basal body and make sure it's turgid.
Do you like aerobic respiration as much as I do?
