Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
Excuse me, but I’m really attracted to you and according to Newton’s laws of gravitation, you’re attracted to me too.
You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.
I know the spring constant for my mattress. Wanna take some data?
I wish I were your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
If I was sin^2 and you were cos^2, together we would be 1.
Were your parents engineers? Because you have a nice design.
Wanna dance? I can really put your inertia in motion.
You have cuter dimples than a cardioid!
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Let’s convert our potential energy to kinetic energy.
You are like a high amperage current and I’m a high resistance wire, cause you’ve got me hot.
Nice set of parabolas!
I heard you like roses, so here’s a polar coordinate graph of r=1+cos(theta).
Yes, that is a slide rule in my pocket.
Lets implement a baby which can inherit us.
Would you like to be the numerator or the denominator?
I'll take you to the limit as x approaches infinity.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
You must be differentiable, because all I see are smooth curves.
Your body has the nicest arc length I’ve ever seen.
You’re hotter than a bunsen burner set to full power.
Your 127.0.0.1 or mine?
Baby what do you say me go make some perpetual motion?
You’re like the top of an Intel Processor - very hot!
You NP-complete me.
I’d switch to emacs for you.
I would really like to bisect your angle.
I won't stop bugging you until I get the address of your home page.
You and I would add up better than a Riemann sum.
If I said you had a nice calculator, would you hold it against me?
Damn girl you must be a strong magnetic field cause you just induced a flow somewhere in me.
I’d like to browse through your clothes like I browse through Firefox.
Can I do your Systems Analysis?
Are you a piece of carbon? Because I would love to date you.
Let's take each other to the limit to see if we converge.
I'd like to demonstrate with you simple harmonic motion.
The volume of a generalized cylinder has been known for thousands of years, but you won't know the volume of mine until tonight.
Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you?
Isn't your e-mail address beautifulgirl@mydreams.com?
Can I see your blueprints? I want to lay some pipe in you and need to know that you’re structurally sound enough to do so.
That dress would look even better accelerating towards my bedroom floor at 9.8 m/s^2
I like the area bounded by your two curves.
Girl when I see that body of yours it creates a stress on my heart and a strain on my "beam".
Has anyone ever called you FAT? They were dead-wrong! You are NTFS, obviously.
Hey Baby, wanna come back to my lab and work with my microprocessor?
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function.
Life without you is like dereferencing a NULL pointer.
